Managing Conversation Context

conversation text are important for constructing Custom chatbot. Because these will be provide the Amazon Lex to fulfill an intent.

Setting the Session Timeout

By default, the session duration is five minutes, but you can specify any duration between 0 and 1,440 minutes (24 hours).
--> If the user returns before expiration , only need to provide the remaining slot data and complete the purchase.


Setting Session Attributes


Session attributes contain application-specific information that is passed between Amazon Lex and a client application.

Mostly used in Lambda function to customize prompts and response card.
(if Lambda function use it, it pass the encrypted data to function , if not save it by Amazon lex)

Sharing Information Between Intents

Amazon Lex supports sharing information between intents. To share across intents, you use session attributes.

For example,  user order the shoes
			  fill all require informaition to intents(the action that user want to perform).
			  but user change the shoes types.
			  Bot doesn't need to ask the detail informaiton again and using share information between intents , bot can manage the order without asking again.


Setting Complex Attributes

Session attributes are a string-to-string map of attributes and values. 

In some cases, however, developers might need to transfer binary data or a complex structure that can't be easily converted to a string map. 
For example, 
var obj = {
   "cities": [
      {
         "city": {
            "name": "New York",
            "state": "New York",
            "pop": "8537673"
         }
      },
      {
         "city": {
            "name": "Los Angeles",
            "state": "California",
            "pop": "3976322"
         }
      },
      {
         "city": {
            "name": "Chicago",
            "state": "Illinois",
            "pop": "2704958"
         }
      }
   ]
}

Lex accepts via PostContext and PostText operations. If developer wanted to submit such kind of object, firslty, they convert the data to a base64-encoded string, and then sending the string as the value in the session attributes.

Custom Slot types

For each slot type, you can define a maximum of 10,000 values and synonyms. Each bot can have a total number of 50,000 slot type values and synonyms.

 



